have the readme actually describe the proposal (#40)
tc39/proposal-joint-iteration: README.md

- [November 2023](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1sgqXgWBsDF0S43wVuFgIyOC8Y3AMFt1qxBIFbzEq9Vg)
- [September 2023](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/18Xnd--QmYV8c-qw3tGe4zvlIfF5A-CdXr-qW1tW6j4o)

## proposal

> This proposal would add two methods, `Iterator.zip` and `Iterator.zipKeyed`. `zip` takes an iterable of iterables and produces an iterable of arrays where position corresponds to position in the passed iterable, `zipKeyed` takes an object whose value are iterables and produces an iterable of objects where keys correspond to keys in the passed object:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This proposal adds two methods: `Iterator.zip` and `Iterator.zipKeyed`. `zip` takes an iterable of iterables and produces an iterable of arrays where position corresponds to position in the passed iterable. `zipKeyed` takes an object whose values are iterables and produces an iterable of objects where keys correspond to keys in the passed object.
```
